feat: [CDS:89201]: Add documentation for pipeline.executionMode (#5068)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables.md

The expression \<+pipeline.execution.Url> has been deprecated.
:::

### \<+pipeline.executionMode>

> The execution mode  of the pipeline. This will tell the execution mode(i.e NORMAL, POST_EXECUTION_ROLLBACK) of the pipeline.

Reviewer: I think we need to expand a bit on what "execution mode" means. Users don't know what they are (unless this is defined somewhere else and we can link to it). 

So, maybe an additional sentence saying, 

```
The Execution Mode is a string that can have two possible values currently: 
* "NORMAL": a normal execution, which could have been either successful or failed. \
* "POST_EXECUTION_ROLLBACK": this was a Post Execution Rollback (add link to Post Prod Rollback here) ) triggered in order to roll back a specific service. 
```

Author: well, it has more than 2 values so do we need to specify the meaning of all the values?

Author: @sahil please review my PR and also review the changes for Post_Execution_Rollback and Post_Deployment_Rollback. On UI for documentation, we have Post deployment Rollback page but from backend, we have post_execution_rollback as our enum

![](./static/execution-mode-expression.png)

> We can use the expression `<+pipeline.executionMode>` under conditional execution.

Reviewer: Probably add an example use case? I like how you've added the screenshots, and additionally something like "conditional execution to ensure a step only runs when a Post Execution Rollback has been triggered."

The expression \<+pipeline.execution.Url> has been deprecated.
:::

### \<+pipeline.executionMode>

> The execution mode  of the pipeline. This will tell the execution mode(i.e NORMAL, POST_EXECUTION_ROLLBACK, PIPELINE_ROLLBACK) of the pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The execution mode of the pipeline (`NORMAL`, `POST_EXECUTION_ROLLBACK`, or `PIPELINE_ROLLBACK`.
```

Author: addressed

**Types of Execution Mode:**
1) Normal Execution: A execution which could either be successful or failed.

> 1) [Post deployment Rollback[POST_EXECUTION_ROLLBACK]](../../continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/rollback-deployments.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) [Post deployment Rollback[`POST_EXECUTION_ROLLBACK`]](../../continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/rollback-deployments.md)
```

> 2) [Rollback pipelines[PIPELINE_ROLLBACK]](../../platform/pipelines/define-a-failure-strategy-for-pipelines.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3) [Rollback pipelines[`PIPELINE_ROLLBACK`]](../../platform/pipelines/define-a-failure-strategy-for-pipelines.md)
```
